   My dad brought home our first computer; The Atari 800XL in 1983. I used to sit and type in code listings that were printed in COMPUTE! Magazine. After typing hundreds of lines of BASIC perfectly without a debugger you would see a colorful lines shoot across the CRT television screen that we used for a monitor.  I became fascinated with computers as a hobby.

  It was not until I was a senior in high school that I started taking my computer “hobby” seriously. At the time, punk rock and skateboarding were my primary interests. One of the older punk rockers in my neighborhood owned a computer shop and asked if I wanted a job, and I took him up on the offer. Working at that shop I learned a whole lot about computers and decided I wanted to turn my hobby of computers in a way to make a living, and this started my journey as a developer.

  My first professional software job was in 1996 working for  an aerospace company in Malvern, PA; a suburb of Philadelphia. I was responsible for writing build and deployment scripts that supported 8 different flavors of UNIX. After a few years I decided to post my resume on DICE and was contacted by a company in San Diego. The offer was too good to pass up, so I relocated from Philadelphia to San Diego in 2000.

  Most of my career I have worked as a .NET developer but moved into DevOps in 2015. I was working on some in house tools to handle remote deployments, so when my company at the time was looking for developers to join their newly created DevOps team, I was tapped to handle automation since I was already working in that space. 

  Devops allows me to touch a lot of products, and help make people’s lives easier. Devops helps companies reduce cost and error, and you can see a much faster return on investment that traditional application development. I like being able to see how everything fits together. 

  In my spare time I like spending time with my wife and daughter, and still enjoy skateboarding and punk rock. I run a punk rock record label on the side. 


